i'm sure you've seen a ton of videos
where people say that they made ten
thousand dollars in one day fifteen
thousand dollars in three days twenty
thousand dollars in five days those same
people don't show you are the exact
proper margins that they're making and
of course you always have that expert in
the comment section stating revenue does
not equal profit well bro
congratulations did you figure that out
all by yourself anyways
but what i'm trying to get at is that a
10k day looks super nice on paper but on
the back end if you're only profiting 10
what's the point you know i'd much
rather do a 3k day at 45 profit margin
not to mention you wouldn't have to deal
with all those customers and just so
much more room for error
so in this video we're going to cover
how to maximize your profit margins for
your shopify dropship in store so that
more money is going into your pockets
instead of down the drain and those you
guys that watch my videos know that i do
a free one-on-one call giveaway where
you can ask me anything e-commerce
related all you gotta do to enter is
like this video be subscribed and
comment below which place you want to
travel to this year and the giveaway
winner of each week will be announced at
the end of my videos just a little
update on where i'm at i left argentina
a couple days ago i'm currently in the
beautiful island of oahu hawaii and my
hotel room and i'll show you guys a
little bit of what my hotel room looks
like and the view view is amazing and so
five hours later from lax to oahu here
we are in waikiki beach
they even gave
it lays there is the view of
look at that diamond head and then
waikiki to the right
and you know of course it's free free
hotel free flight free car rental if you
guys want to know exactly how to do that
you can go and watch my previous video
where i went step by step exactly how to
do that all right finally let's just hop
into this video as you guys should know
within the e-commerce space longevity is
key but none of that is possible without
proper branding strategies so in this
video i'm going to cover some super
useful techniques that you can implement
into your shopify stores right after
watching this video so ideally we want
each customer to spend as much money as
we can possibly get them to spend
because basic math tells us that if
store one has an average order value of
thirty dollars and store two has an
average order of sixty dollars they're
both getting one thousand orders per
month well that means that store two is
making double the amount of money per
month that's a lot of money per month
per year per years what is your average
order value pretty self-explanatory your
average order value aka your aov is
simply the amount your customer spends
per order on your shopify store so one
way i increase average order value on my
sources by adding shipping upsells here
i'm going to put some suggestions for
pricing that you can add on to your
shipping options now if you do decide to
do this keep in mind that you actually
want to be fulfilling these deeds
because you don't want to be a bad
person and say that you're going to give
them super fast shipping time and they
don't actually get it you can go and ask
your supplier if there aren't any faster
routes they can use maybe dhl
or they can use express some other
options to get that shipping time a lot
lower now the very next thing you add to
your store to increase your average
order value is a post purchase upsell
and a post purchase upsell is basically
just an offer that is shown to your
customers that have already made a
purchase so the cool thing is that it
does not hinder your customers buying
experience and overall reduce that
conversion rate all right so one app
that i use and i highly recommend is to
buy one click upsell supply ocu so what
we can do right now is hop in my
computer and go through the entire setup
process so first of all we gotta go to
customize your store you're gonna add
this app
just go in and type in zip file ocu
there it
and click is one and then we're going to
add this app 30 day free trial
it's got 30 days to figure out whether
or not you actually want to use this app
see if it makes you some money you can
also add pre-purchase and post purchase
upsells we're going to go and add this
sales channel right here install app
all right so we're gonna go and add the
30 day free trial let's go
approve
[Music]
i'm gonna agree to this
okay just this doesn't matter for now
let's just click anything honestly
we've been trying to skim through this
because we are not going to use this
funnel let's just try and go through all
the setup process create funnel
we're just going to turn off this funnel
anyway
publish funnel
enable ocu it should do that or else
it's not going to run
continue
all right here we go so we're going to
go to funnels on the left right here
scroll down we're going to turn off this
existing funnel we're going to add a new
funnel
ready we're going to name this
all right final one
that's one we're going to do product
based
and we're going to select our main
product that gets the most cells right
so this one is the uv phone cn
sterilizer i'm going to add that
and then we're going to go down
here
to post purchase upsell offer one okay
we're going to choose a product remember
that the trigger product
is the main product that gets the most
sales and now anytime someone purchases
that product they are going to see an
offer
after they've already made their
purchase okay let's just face it about
that we're going to add a product to the
order or you can do three products
i'm just going to do one for now
so you're going to go and add a product
that is either complimentary or a
product that you could see someone
buying as well so here i'm gonna add
this sterilizing wand we're gonna add it
here
okay now anytime someone makes a
purchase for the uv phone sanitizer
you're going to see an offer right here
and we're going to edit this offer edit
the offer page we're going to add a
discount
okay we're going to exit here and send
to box boom buy box one
right here i'd like to add the star
ratings also um we're going to go in and
then add this discount percentage
and here i'm going to give them
either anything from a 10 to 20 percent
off
let's add the savings label free
shipping boom boom boom and this is
automatically going to get saved as a
discount right now the store is password
protective that's why you can't see
um what it looks like but that's pretty
much the basic setup process it's really
simple you just set up your trigger
products and then you go and add your
upsell product and now you can play
around with it upsell down down to offer
or you can do post purchase upsell offer
too
um be creative with it see how it goes
this is a funnel this is an app that i
highly highly suggest to make me a lot
of money also a ton of you guys have
been asking me if i do a one-on-one
mentorship i do right now we are fully
booked but for next month we're opening
up four slots for new students and all
you got to do is book a free strategy
session below on calendly and we will
see if you are a good fit to work all
right so now we're going to go in and
learn how to retarget to warm in our
audiences uh these are basically people
that already know who you are it's so
much easier to make money off of people
that already know who your brand is
rather than seek out new cold customers
all right so let's hop into the computer
again and show you guys how to set up a
basic retargeting campaign that's going
to send an offer to people that already
know who your brand is so let's do that
real quick all right so we're going to
first go in hit that green button press
conversions we're going to optimize for
conversions we're gonna go to continue
we go manual conversion campaign
continue
just name this i can go warm
ready and then we're gonna go set this
budget i highly suggest going 15 of your
overall advertising budget
so if you are doing a thousand dollars
so let's go
let's just do 100 bucks next
[Music]
i'm going to add to cart 30 day
remember website purchase
[Music]
and then none of this matters we're just
going to go here and add this audience
[Music]
the third day add to cart
this is all good let's go auto
placements and so once you press the
next button and you go on to your ad i
highly suggest adding either a discount
or some sort of offer to get people to
purchase the ones that haven't purchased
your product why are they going to go in
and buy it now after seeing it again you
can add a different image you can add
another carousel but i don't suggest
adding the same image that they first
saw in the beginning so now once you do
that we're gonna duplicate
this
three times
we're gonna add two other three other
audiences
okay we're gonna go here initiate
checkout i'm going to scroll down
initiate checkout
now to add initiate checkout we're going
to do the same thing here
with the other ad so we're going to have
website visitors for your day
[Music]
after that go to the top to target
people have visited your website in the
past 30 days
the last ones initiate checkout past
three days and then excluding purchases
scroll down
here
here you can even do 75 video views or
you can do page view past 30 days just
be creative with it but test those out
and then let them run for about i'd say
one to two weeks and whatever is not
profitable whatever is fatiguing turn
that off and continue to let run and
then you can scale from there so what i
can do right now is show you guys how my
brand is doing from using these exact
techniques that i'm showing you profit
of course so you can go here
see may 1st to may 12th we are at should
be about like 50
okay 20 000 in revenue 14 000
profits yeah that's 50
and the only reason why i'm at such low
revenue right now is because there's
been issues with my brands and inventory
right now china
can't ship anything so i've been sold
out for my best sellers for about shoot
like three weeks already
but we live and we learn
let's see first through the 12th
let's go show you right here we got 28
000. see that lines there are lines
there and then we can go into last month
let's go last month first to the 30th
37 000 months before that march
okay and then let's go so we do all the
way from december
to now let's see what that is 293 000
that's what prop margin was 55 profit
margin and go on to shopify as well real
quick 12.
damn there you go
anyway i thought i'd show you that let's
hop back into some more value all right
last but not least we are going to cover
some key branding aspects that are going
to help your shopify store get one step
closer to attaining longevity i know i
stressed this a ton but i'm going to
rant about it again because i think it
is so important and that is having a
strong connection with your supplier or
shipping agent and if you're starting to
sell a lot of products doing a lot of
volume and you are still using those
same aliexpress links you were doing it
all wrong and you were losing a lot of
money all right so what we can do right
now is hop into the computer and show
you how you can go about applying your
first agent and starting to really
decrease those cost of goods so we can
do first of all is going to aliexpress
we're going to go right here and then we
are going to scroll down once you're at
a product page you're going to scroll
down you're going to see right here a
contact button right right next to the
store name you see the positive feedback
the followers you're gonna see a contact
button and this is where you're gonna be
able to send them any message and get in
contact with all these agents so what
i'm gonna put right here is pretty much
an obscure message that you can send to
them you want to have their whatsapp or
wechat so you can talk to them on your
phone you don't want to be using this
aliexpress message center because it's
really not that efficient and so what
you're doing right now is really
building a connection with the suppliers
of these manufacturers and beginning
that negotiation process to start
decreasing your cost of goods and
getting access to other products that
maybe other people can't get if they're
just on aliexpress alright so right now
i'm going to show you a quick little tip
to see how much these agents are
actually getting the unit cost for so
right here these are listings these guys
are pretty much agents these little
listings you can see them as suppliers
or you can see them as little warehouses
where they buy all this product and they
sell it to drop shippers and make a
profit so you see right here it's 4.99
let's go on to this website
1688.com and let's see if we can see
that same product and then convert from
you on you can see it's
in
chinese for recent workout bands
so we go here workout bands and we see
it's right
here right
okay is that the same one
pretty much the same one right
workout bands here we go 18
okay 18 for
minimum two so let's go chinese yuan to
usd
265 and what are they selling it for
4.99 so about half so they're selling it
for double now we can kind of see where
we can go in and negotiate from right we
don't obviously want to say we want to
go down to two dollars we don't want to
go down to one dollar because everyone's
gotta eat right and they'd be at a loss
so i would say okay if they are selling
it for 49.99 and they are getting it for
265 maybe we could come in if we start
to do volume
do 3.350
but they're going to try and tell you at
499 just know that there's always always
room to negotiate and remember you want
a reciprocated relationship because
these are the same guys that are going
to be shipping out your products they're
going to be making your products and
manufacturing products getting you that
custom packaging so remember you want to
have a good relationship with these guys
anyway these are some of the things that
i wanted to cover to help you increase
your profit margins on shopify drop
shipping stores you can go in and
implement all these strategies on your
current store on any store that you
decide to create in the future but
before i end this video i want to
announce the winner of last week's
giveaway now the winner is callum
o'donnell i hope i said that right send
me a message on instagram and we can set
up a time to help you with your
ecommerce business ventures this was a
really fun video to make and i love
helping you guys out it would mean the
absolute world and it would also really
help out the algorithm if you guys like
this video subscribe turn on post
notifications so you know exactly when i
post my next video
i'll see you guys in the next one peace
[Applause]